# .frameParam

The **frameParam** method is an **optional** method used for altering the default behaviour of the frame.

```javascript
instantor.frameParam(key, value)
```

| Argument | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| **key** \(string\) | Frame information key                                    |
| **value** \(string \| boolean\) | Frame information value |

### Available key-value pairs

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align:left">Key</th>
      <th style="text-align:left">Effect</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"><b>debug</b> (bool)</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p>Debug reporting requires browser with full console reporting support If
          set to true, all events are logged to console. Default is <b>false</b>.</p>
        <p><em><b>NOTE:</b> The old documentation says it should be a string. Double check that old frame can handle boolean</em>
        </p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"><b>bankID</b> (string)</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">This method is used for loading the frame with a bank preselected, omitting
        the step which requires the end-user to choose a bank. Providing an incorrect
        bankID fails silently and the bank-chooser component is displayed as fallback.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"><b>disableFinalStep </b>(bool)</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p>Disables the final &apos;process-complete&apos;. Default is <b>false</b>.</p>
        <p><em><b>NOTE:</b> The old documentation says it should be a string. And the old frame requires it to be string. Either add something to documentation saying that it could be both (very unprofessional) or change in old frame. Second bad option is say it should be a string, and accomodate for both string and bool in new frame, then when migration is complete, change to boolean in docs --&gt; new customers use bool, old customers can use either without breaking. Also very unprofessional though, to have &apos;true&apos; and not true.</em>
        </p>
        <p><em><b>GOOD </b>solution is to use bool in documentation, and treat it like bool in new frame, but update old frame so that if that parameter is set with a boolean, cast it to a string and treat it like always. This ensures backwards compatibility and consistency in the docs</em>
        </p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"><b>defaultLanguage </b>(string)</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p>Set language of the frame.</p>
        <p><em><b>NOTE:</b> This is only enabled for Latvia in the old frame, strangely enough. My suggestion is remove this option entirely (from Docs but keep technical implementation to not break for old clients) and always default to browser-language. If we want to keep then it should be available for all countries (which is the case in the new frame). </em>
        </p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>### Example

```javascript
try {
  const instantor = new Instantor('produktKey.de')
  
  /* Set user-specific parameters */
  instantor.frameParam('defaultLanguage', 'en')

  instantor.load('#itor');
} catch(err) {/* Handle error */}
```

